We make $500,000 every single month with
this email and SMS marketing strategy.
And I'm literally showing you every
single thing that we're sending and
showing you inside the account that is
actually generating these results. This
video is very special because you can go
look at other YouTube videos and nobody
is actually showing the behind the
scenes inside of the accounts and how
much money these emails are actually
making as well as the other metrics such
as the open rates, click rates,
deliverability, and placed order rates.
I'm showing it all to you. So, let's
just get into it. So, I have this Clavio
account right here and we're going to be
going through in depth exactly what we
changed and what we're doing. But just
to show in terms of like the results of
when we started working with this brand,
which was in October. We can see the
total store revenue right here. See,
total store revenue is up 70% in this
past 12 months and email marketing
revenue up 226%. And this blue bar right
here is the email marketing revenue. You
can see what it was like before us. Then
after us, jumping from like $100,000 a
monthish to around the $200,000 per
month mark. And this doesn't even show
SMS. Here we can see what the SMS
results look like. And this is in the
platform attentive. You can see the
difference in revenue over time at
around that mark when we started working
with them in October September. So let's
get into the actual strategies and the
accounts. So this is the past 30 days.
Email marketing revenue $212,000 and
then SMS
$287,000 coming out to a total of
$500,000. So this is me. I'm Max, the
founder of WellCopy email marketing
agency. We've generated over $100
million in attributed revenue in the
past 12 months. So if you want to know
more about me, there are my different
social media profiles. So the first
thing we want to focus on is actually
not about email and SMS. It's actually
with your signup forms and your list
growth. I believe that the number one
most important part of your email
marketing and SMS marketing strategy is
your list growth because it's so easy
but such high leverage. Say you could
double the amount of people joining your
email and SMS list. You will be able to
double your email and SMS revenue over
the long term. It's that simple. Yet so
many people just throw up a templated
pop-up form and hope that they're
growing their list. when in reality
every single day you are letting people
slip by and you are losing revenue just
by not making these couple tweaks which
we did for this brand. So exactly why do
we want to focus on signup forms? It's
because people just aren't ready to buy
when they first visit your site in 2025.
And so without a pop-up form, you're
just left with only a few bucks from the
people who are ready to buy on your
website right then and there. The other
people will leave and just never come
back. You're paying all this money on ad
traffic. They're going to your website.
Maybe you'll get a good rorowaz here,
but most people are just going to leave.
But a high converting pop-up will allow
us to capture the folks that we paid so
much money to acquire, even if they
aren't ready to buy right now. We're
able to then educate them through email
about why our brand is different and
then convert them after we have their
trust and their objections have been
addressed. So rather than just letting
everybody leave here, we can at least
still get this return, but get more out
of our website traffic to them to send
them emails and text messages and create
a much higher ROI. And so these were the
results that we did over these forms.
I'm going to show you exactly the form
strategy and list growth strategy that
we used. But we've absolutely
transformed everything through
meticulous AB testing. We took their
form conversion rate from 4% which isn't
bad. That's around industry average to
now we're converting 16.9% of their
website visitors into email subscribers.
That is a 4x in their email list growth.
Four times the amount of people they're
getting off of their ads and four times
the amount of people that they can then
educate over email to get them to buy.
So, what we get is around 17,000 to
30,000 new email subscribers per month
and 8,000 to 12,000 new SMS subscribers
per month. Their acquisition revenue
from these systems being around $200,000
to $300,000 per month, which you can see
here with these analytics in the signup
rate over just the past 30 days. So, as
far as the strategy, what exactly are we
doing in 2025? We can't just do a basic
just enter your email for 10% off sign
up form. The customer is bored of that
and they have ADHD. They need
interaction and they need ways to get
them out of their zombie-like scroll
state. So what we do is we use a survey
form using the platform called Alia. If
you say I sent you, you can get 10% off.
But essentially, it's a pop-up form
software which allows you to create
immersive and high-converting signup
forms just like these. So why would we
do something like this where we're
asking a question before we ask for
somebody's email address? It seems
counterintuitive, like adding an extra
step for the customer. You think you
want to remove steps for the customer to
get them to enter their email, but no,
we have a couple psychological reasons
that this form gets customers to convert
at a higher rate. First, low barrier to
entry. It looks like somebody just needs
to answer this question in order to get
their discount and so they're much
likely to interact with this first step.
In fact, we're getting over 50% of
people to interact with this first step.
And then what we have is the
customization bias. Humans tend to
convert better when they feel that they
are getting a personalized product or
service. So right here when we're asking
somebody, hey, what problem are you
trying to solve? Then they know that
we're going to know this information and
be able to get them custom products and
actually address their exact needs. This
also is commitment bias, which is how
humans tend to follow through on actions
once they start a process. So in this
case, somebody's answering this first
question. So they're going to answer
what problem I'm trying to solve. Say,
I'm trying to fix my scars. And then the
next step of this form is it's asking
for the email address. So they are much
more likely to enter their email address
off of this because they already acted
on this first step. Somebody clicks this
first step and then it's asked for the
email address. And the person thinks,
uh, I've already started with the
process. I might as well just enter my
email. And then after that, we say,
"Enter your phone number to activate
your discount." And that plays into it
even more. It's also novelty bias.
Humans are much more likely to engage
with things that are new or they haven't
experienced before. Customer just hasn't
seen these types of forms right now.
Now, give this a year or so and people
are going to be worn out from this form
and we're going to have to try something
new. But right now, this just works
exceptionally well. And so, for this
brand, for example, our welcome
discount, we tested percent off versus
dollar off in versus a mystery discount.
This is a super high leverage AB test is
to test your different offers. So you
can see for this brand it's 15% off.
What I would do is I'd test 15% off
versus something like $10 off. This
brand right here, you could say you've
got 21% back. So it's doing cash back
versus 21% off. You can see the discount
is really weird. It's 21%. They probably
tested 21% versus 20%. For some reason,
people just interact with 21% more. So
make sure you AB test your offer. We
start off with doing percent off for our
brand. We tested a mystery discount. We
tested dollar off. And dollar off was
the winner. And that's what we're
currently running to have 16.9%
conversions. But that is the list growth
4x and the growth right here. And that
just made our lives so much easier so
that we can convert these people with
our actual emails, which is what we're
going to talk about first, which are
these automated flows. So let's talk
about the email flows that we set up.
Email flows are the automated emails
that are going to fire for a customer
based on an action that they take. So
when a customer does something like
joining your email list or abandoning a
cart, then we can fire custom emails for
the customer and give them the
information that they actually need to
buy. These are essential because they
allow us to ascend this custom content
based on where they're at in the
customer journey which increases the
likelihood of conversion. Plus, who
doesn't like automated revenue? So,
these are the exact flows that we
currently have live in the account and
then the number of emails within each
flow. First off, we have the welcome
flow and this is going to trigger when
somebody joins the email list. And the
purpose is to give the customer their
discount and educate them on the brand
to guide them into a purchase. Our
products are a little bit more expensive
than other competitors in the clothing
niche. So, we need to educate these
people and build trust. So, we send
eight emails, which is kind of a lot.
You don't need to send this many. The
sweet spot is usually four to five. But
for this brand, we just had so many
high-converting emails that we've used
that we're confident in that we want
every customer to receive when they join
the email list. So, we went with eight
emails. And then we have the site
abandoned flow, which is when someone is
active on the website, but they don't
actually view any products. This is a
flow that not a lot of brands have, but
the goal is to get the customer back on
the site to browse products. And where
you have three emails right here in this
flow, pretty much saying like, "Hey, did
you not find what you were looking for?"
for and they give those some social
proof like, "Hey, we're really awesome."
and show them our bests sellers to make
their browsing experience easier. Our
next abandonments is the browse
abandonment flow, which is when somebody
views a product, but they don't add it
to cart or make a purchase. And so, we
want to get the customer to convert on
that browsed item. So, we have five
emails here specifically being like,
"Hey, you left this item behind, you
browsed this, come back and finish your
order." Our next flow, which not a lot
of brands have, but we found this works
really well for this brand, and that is
the espresso shop flow. So, this is
going to trigger when somebody clicks on
an email, but they don't purchase. What
we do here is this is a high intent
person. So, we just want to have a
couple emails here as an extra nudge to
try to get an impulse purchase. And we
even include a discount here because
this brand is pretty big on discount.
And then we have the cart and checkout
abandoned flows here which have a
difference. The cart abandoned flow is
when somebody adds to cart but they
don't purchase. The checkout abandoned
flow is when somebody adds to cart and
then they go to the checkout page to
enter their credit card information and
then they don't buy. So, we have five
emails here for the cart abandoned and
the checkout abandoned. We have more. We
have seven emails cuz this person almost
just bought from us. and they were so
close. So, we're not afraid to send
multiple reminders. Then, we have the
post-purchase flow when somebody places
an order just to get upsells, affirm
their purchase, and build some
community. We have two emails set in
place here. And then, similarly, we have
the win back flow, but this is going to
be when somebody bought 90 days ago, but
they haven't bought since to try to get
them to purchase again. We've got four
emails here. And then we have the sunset
flow, which is when somebody has been
inactive on the email list for 180 days.
How can we re-engage these inactive
profiles? And if they don't engage,
let's suppress the inactive people to
save money on our Clavio bill. And right
here, we have two emails. And here you
can see the performance right here on
the email side of things. You can see
our best performer is the welcome flow
right here. Obviously, it's pulling in
38 grand every monthish. And then the
rest is also coming from SMS, which I'll
be showing shortly. And then we have the
cart abandoned and the checkout
abandoned here. Very important that you
have two separate flows for cart and
checkout abandoned. Most brands that I
review, they only have the checkout
abandoned. But look at this card
abandoned. It's our second best
performing flow, which is bringing in 16
grand or so a month. The checkout
abandoned. Then we have the browse
abandoned. For anybody who views the
product, we can see the results right
here. Then that post-purchase flow, try
to get an immediate upsell and then also
push people to our social media. You see
this espresso shot flow, which most
brands don't have. This is bringing in
an extra 3.5 grand or so a month. And
then abandoned site right here. Somebody
goes to the website, but they don't view
any products. You can see the win back
flow right here, which we've actually
just pulled back on cuz we found it's
not really bringing in a lot of revenue
because we're sending email campaigns
three to four times per week and most
people are rebying off of those email
campaigns. If you're not sending email
campaigns, then this win back flow is
going to be super super important and it
would be generating thousands and
thousands of dollars for this brand if
we weren't sending email campaigns at
such a high frequency. Then we have the
sunset flow, which the purpose is not to
get revenue. The purpose is to get
people back on the email list or
suppress these unengaged profiles. So,
it's not really bringing any revenue in.
So, you can see the exact performance on
these. And you can see this is very
typical in terms of performance of each
flow. Usually, the order of conversions
is somewhere around this for brands. the
performance would be much higher,
probably double the performance for
every single one of these if we weren't
running SMS for this brand. If you have
SMS and email running at the same time,
SMS is typically, as long as you do it
right, going to bring in more revenue on
the flow side of things. So, if I had to
estimate, we'd probably be at double the
revenue for most of these if we weren't
running the SMS, but I'll be taking you
through the performance here on that
shortly. So, those are the email flows,
and these are the exact results. It's
around $100,000 a month contributing to
16% of the total store revenue from
these email flows. This video right
here, this email flows tutorial breaks
down all of these flows for you if you
want to see them in depth in each email
actually broken down. So, I highly
recommend checking this out. You want to
get an idea. This is like what a welcome
flow may look like. You can see the
education on the brand and pushing
people to place their order with the
discount code. That's what a welcome
flow may look like. Meanwhile, abandoned
site. So somebody goes to the website
but they don't view any products. This
could be what something looks like lost
in choices. Let us point you in the
right direction and then promote some of
the best sellers. And then the next
abandonment we have the abandoned browse
flow. So if somebody views a product and
then leaves, we want to have the dynamic
clavio section showing what that person
left behind. Mixing in some social
proof, some unique selling propositions,
and if you want to add a discount, you
can. And then abandoned cart and
abandoned checkout. For our brand, we
have different strategies for cart and
checkout, but if you're short on time,
you can make them the same. You can see
forgetting something the dynamic section
have some icons and a little bit of
social proof right here. You can see
again some more education here. Mixing
in some text based emails right here. Um
so it's a little bit personal, some more
social proof and testimonials and then a
discount as well if you want to include
that for post purchase right after
someone buys. We want to have an
immediate thank you and then like a PS
of just like hey place another order.
You can do that here. Pushing people to
social media and then educating on the
product right here. And for win back
somebody bought a while ago. We can say
something as straightforward as, "Hey,
it's been a while, yada yada yada. Place
another order, take this discount,
whatever you want." And that's kind of
like what your system can look like. The
brand that we use is quite different and
the designs are really elevated because
our products are really expensive. So,
we want to make sure our designs reflect
that. So, ours look pretty different,
but the strategy is kind of like in a
nutshell very similar. So, that's on the
email flows side of things. Now, let's
talk about the SMS flows. SMS flows we
have to keep much similar and minimal
compared to email. But SMS flows are
just as important if not more. So we
need to keep things super super simple
to avoid annoying the customer. People
are going to unsubscribe from text
messages a lot sooner than they would
email. We have to be very very
intentional. And there are certain rules
that we need to follow like for
abandonment flows like cart and checkout
abandoned on SMS. It's actually illegal
to send more than one text message. So
we can only have one. So we can see we
have the same sort of flows here, but we
have way less messages within them. So
we have our welcome flow. We're sending
three SMS messages being like, "Hey,
welcome. Here's your discount." And if
somebody doesn't use their discount,
then we're going to remind them twice
more, just being like, "Hey, your
discount's expiring." The side abandoned
flow, just one SMS. And then browse
abandoned, cart abandoned, checkout
abandoned. These are all going to have
one SMS as well. We have two text
messages for the win back flow. We
actually have a back in stock flow right
here as well, specifically just for SMS
because for this brand, we're only
gathering their phone number when
somebody requests to be notified when an
item is back in stock. And then here are
the results. We can see the revenue for
each one. I'll break these down, but
we're currently doing around 150k a
month, contributing to 24% of the store
revenue. You can see we changed welcome
flows right here. So, both of the
welcome flows are right up here. We can
see they do just over $100,000 a month
just with that welcome flow. And that's
what having a really good pop-up form
can do to you cuz you have a lot of
people entering in here. You can see we
had two cart abandoned flows here which
are bringing in different amounts of
revenue cuz we changed this as well
through the month. And we have the
checkout abandoned right over here. Then
our two browse abandons which you can
see right here. You can see the
conversion rates and everything. average
order value, the revenue per message,
but this again is pretty typical. And
these KPIs are pretty solid and probably
what you're going to go for. You can see
super high unsubscribe rates on the
welcome flow right here. That's pretty
typical because people will sign up to
the SMS list, get their discount code,
and then immediately unsubscribe. So,
it's not too out of the ordinary. You
see the different conversion rates here,
which is going to be after somebody
clicks. I know people always worry about
click rates, and so these are pretty
typical click rates that we can shoot
for. Those are the exact numbers and how
they're performing. Those are the
automated messages. Now, let's actually
talk about the campaigns. So, the
campaigns are the onetime emails and SMS
that you're sending to the list. Such as
if there's like a Memorial Day sale,
you're going to send that to people at a
specific day and time. Whereas flows you
set live and then they're automatically
going to be sending as people complete
that action. So, let's talk about the
email campaign strategy right off the
bat. What is the strategy that we're
doing for this brand? So, what we're
doing is we are sending three to four
email campaigns per week. This is so we
can stay top of mind and maximize our
inbox visibility. Now, some people might
be like, "Oh, that's way too many
emails." But look at the top brands.
Aloe, Dr. Squatch, Ridge, Viori. They're
sending emails on average four to seven
times per week. And if these brands who
are at the forefront of all marketing
trends in the game right now are doing
this, then they probably know what
they're doing. To be safe, we like to
send three to four email campaigns per
week. If you think that's too much, just
run it for a month, review the results,
and I can almost guarantee that the
results are going to be better. As far
as the content, we're leading with
value, not offers. We want to build
trust and increase our long-term
conversion. We can't just spam
discounts. We're giving them value and
we're educating them. This is going to
decrease our unsubscribe rates. We're
focused on non-disounts. Educate,
entertain, and differentiate our brand.
Something that we're doing a lot is
textbased emails, which I will show you,
but essentially these have no images.
They just feel personal. It comes from a
team member, and they cut through all
the noise, and they just feel way more
personal. When we do use our graphics,
we're making our emails skimable,
punchy, and optimized for mobile first.
85% of people are opening their emails
on their phone. So, we need to make sure
that we're optimized for our phone.
People aren't sitting down and reading
their emails. They're just skimming them
super quick. So, we need to make them
skimable and punchy. We create email
campaigns around micro topics, not
generic themes. We need to go deep on
product features or specific customer
FAQs rather than having a general email
about we're the best. We want to focus
on one thing about why we're the best.
Something like how our materials are
sustainable and good for the
environment. That's a micro topic that's
super specific. That makes it a lot more
digestible for the customer. If we
overwhelm them with 10 different
benefits of ours in one email, the
customer is going to get overwhelmed and
they're not going to remember any of our
benefits. Whereas, if we just focus on
one and really try to drill that home,
the customer is much more likely to
actually internalize that. That's what
we want to do. We also want to pull a
lot of social proof, reviews, and user
content, which is going to add our
credibility and then also our connection
to the customers. We design our emails
inside of Figma, which is a design tool.
And then we're uploading our images into
Clavio for clean and consistent layouts
and better deliverability. And then we
want to rotate between story, product,
and value angles to avoid list fatigue
and keep things as fresh as possible. So
you'd see like bad content is 50% off,
limited time offer, discount exclusive,
buy our stuff. No, good content. We want
to do tips and tricks for whatever this
benefit is. A message from our founder.
Watch out for this in the industry.
Watch out for wearing these materials
with your clothes. These are our
favorite picks. What does this mean?
This is the sort of stuff which is going
to keep your email list engaged. And so
kind of like our main subtopics here is
graphic- based value emails. This is
what we're sending three times per week
and then we'll probably do like one
textbased email per week on top of that.
So, we want these graphic based emails
specifically for fashion brands because
customers need to see products in
action. They need to be able to see
other people wearing the products so
that you can judge yourself if you'd
look good in that product. So, having
sexy graphic design is extremely
important for fashion brands cuz people
are buying our vibe. We want to focus on
our strong branding, clear visuals, and
conversion optimized designs that don't
rely on discounts. So, we can see a
couple of examples here. You can see
kind of like the email which goes on top
of the vibe of like the checkered cases.
You can see the checkered throughout.
It's just nice and clean and fun. You
can see this is a great non-discount
educational email saying not all scrubs
are created equal. Polyester and cotton
are like bad X's. And so kind of just
showing how our products are different
from that and then linking to men's vers
women's. You can see this also is not
overwhelming the customer with a ton of
information. Short, quick, and punchy.
Somebody can look at this email for 3 to
5 seconds and understand it. Perfect.
And then something like this, like brand
messages. Golf wasn't born to be boring.
Neither were you. You can see a button
way up at the top of this email, which
is easy for the customer to click. And
this is the most like amount of copy
that you would want to include all at
once in an email. Since this is a brand
message campaign, this is okay to do
every now and again. But most often, we
want to be using bullet points. We want
to be able to use icons like this. But
these are three great examples of kind
of like the stuff that we're sending
three times per week would be. And then
just as important, we have our textbased
emails because this is the secret sauce.
In 2025 and 2026, we need to make sure
we're mixing in personal touches. People
today want to buy from people. They
don't just want to buy from faceless
corporations. Following CO, the customer
is craving human interaction. We need to
give them that. Textbased emails are one
way to do that. They look exactly like
they're coming from a friend and they
just pull the customer closer to you.
You can see coming from a person right
here. There's no crazy graphics and the
simplicity of them just converts better
in most cases. Builds trust, builds
community. The simplicity just converts
better. Now, you might be wondering, why
don't we only send textbased emails? But
we really don't want to over send them.
Even though they do typically perform
better, we need to make sure we're
visually appealing our customers and
giving them variation in our emails for
them to stay subscribed. We have a
couple brands in the past where we were
like, textbased emails always perform
better. Let's only send textbased
emails. But we noticed that they lose
effectiveness over time as the customer
really gets used to them and there's no
visual appeal. Like I said, the customer
is kind of like brain dead. They're
addicted to dopamine and they just
scroll all day every day. They need
dopamine. They need to be visually
appealed. They need newness. If you
aren't giving them new, then what's the
reason for someone to open this email?
If they know exactly what it's going to
look like every single time, just plain
text, then there's no reason for them to
keep opening your emails. So, use them
sparingly, but still use them. You can
see this is like an FAQ email of what
does it taste like? You can see it's
short, punchy, personal. It's coming
from a friend. It says, "Hey yo, talk
like a friend." Just right here. And
then sign it off from a person. You can
see the sender name is from a person.
That makes a huge difference. Here's
another example here. It's from a
person. You can see how simple this is.
These aren't essays of information.
Still easy for the customer to skim. You
can see just how much the call to action
stand out. They're the only thing that's
underlined. And also in the color blue.
These are the sort of the emails that we
want. And we're sending these usually
once per week for our brands. So these
are the exact email campaign results in
monthly calendar example for this brand
of the exact topics. So, we send
typically 15 to 18 emails per month uh
to the normal engaged lists for this
brand. And these email campaigns are
generating an average of $100,000 a
month, contributing to 16% of the total
store revenue. So, let's take a look at
these past 30 days right here. See, we
send on the 23rd, 24th, 27th, 29th,
29th, 2nd, 5th, 6th, 8, 9, 12, 13, 15.
Generally, we have a day or two in
between emails, but every once in a
while, we send two back to back. You can
see the open rates are all 60 to 70%,
because we're very tight with who we're
sending to and we're only sending to
people who are actually opening our
emails. We send to our whole list, then
we're going to get a lot of people who
aren't opening our emails. And if you
have anything like 20 to 30% open rates,
Google and inbox providers will see that
and they'll be like, "Hey, only 20 to
30% of people who are receiving this
email are opening these emails. People
probably don't want to see this brand,
so we're going to send them to the spam
folder." Whereas, if we're sending
emails and we're getting 70% opens, we
tell Google and Yahoo that seven out of
10 people who receive this email are
opening it. They're going to be like,
"Okay, cool. Let's send this to the main
inbox." So, it's very important to have
that segmentation in place. And so, here
you see the click rates right here.
These are pretty standard. We're going
to be as low as like 4% but all the way
up to kind of like 3% even. This is
pretty standard. Now, some people will
say you need like 2 to 3% placed order
rates consistently, but that's just
unreasonable. If you're a brand who has
under 5,000 email subscribers, then yes,
but the bigger your brand gets, the
lower your click rates become. We have
brands with 0.2 to.3% click rates
consistently, but they're still
generating a ton of revenue from the
email list, which just proves that click
rates aren't something that you need to
fully stress over. But as far as the
topics and what we're doing, we could
see this is like a sustainability
highlight for Earth Day. So, we really
want to play into the seasons as much as
we can. And we try to put as much
urgency as possible while keeping things
natural. So using things like pre-orders
and then doing restocks like here, here,
and back in stock, what we do there is
we have created demand and urgency. If
something needs to get pre-ordered or
something is back in stock, that means
that it went out of stock, which means
that it was in high demand, which tells
people, oh my gosh, this is a big
product. I need to buy this. So what we
did was we hyped things with a pre-order
and then did a big back in stock and
restock. Here you can see the revenue
that these did multiple days in a row
and the performance on the pre-order
right here. Even if something doesn't
necessarily go out of stock, we can
still promote this and use that angle.
That's what marketing is. And then
everything else in terms of what we're
doing is we're filling in with
non-disount angles, which we found work
well for the brand. So things like,
what's your vibe? So this was like, are
you going for a night out? Here are what
the products are. Are you having a night
in? Here's what products you can use.
Going on a coffee date, here are some
different outfits that you can
represent. So we do that. We have staff
picks. So highlighting like some of our
staff's picks. And then lots of outfit
inspiration. So, a seasonal outfit
inspiration and outfit inspiration here
and then featuring our community. So,
follow our IG. We featured some of our
customers there and then also featured
our community with images that were sent
to the Instagram and saying like, "Hey,
here are other people in these items.
Buy these items." And that worked really
well. And then also, typically, we're
doing one promotion every single month.
So, we did a free item with orders above
X amount of dollars. You can see the
performance on this and how well it did.
Anything over one to two kind of like
sales per month, and you might be
overdoing it. This is just what we've
found work well with them. So that is
the exact strategy and the exact numbers
that we were achieving for them. Now
let's go to the SMS campaigns. And the
strategy for our SMS is we only want to
send SMS for high lever moments such as
sales, product drops, back in stock
alerts, and any urgent updates. We want
to avoid nurture content in our SMS like
doing community in our pieces, what's
our vibe. We don't want to do this for
SMS because um that's going to be stuff
that gets people to unsubscribe. People
don't want to be nurtured on SMS. Text
messages can be annoying. We just want
to send the big stuff. So, save the
storytelling and value ad content just
for email. We stick to three to six
texts per month to preserve our urgency
and avoid our list unsubscribes. As far
as the content that we're doing, this is
the content strategy. Our messages need
to all be under 250 characters, which is
not a lot. That's literally like one
maybe two sentences. This is going to
save costs by having this only be one
send segment. If we even went one
character over to 251 characters, the
price is going to be double. So, we
always keep it as short as possible,
just quick and to the point. We also
want to skip images and MMS. So, if you
ever see a brand send you a text message
that has an image, they paid three times
more money than they would have if it
was just plain text. Now, a lot of
brands don't know this and so they send
a lot of image-based text messages, but
it's almost never that including that
image will generate three times more
revenue. So, we always cut that and keep
it as simple as possible to save costs.
And then always, always, always include
a clear CTA. We want to say shop now or
claim offer then have a direct link in
our text message. That's the strategy.
And here is exactly what the month
looked like and the strategy that we
did. We're sending four to six SMSF per
month for them and just sending to our
normal engaged lists. And these
campaigns, just these five right here,
contribute to 16% of store revenue in
$100,000 every single month. You can see
all of these were big announcements with
urgency. We did a collection highlight
saying, "Hey, this collection is going
fast." We did the restock right here.
So, two different restock SMS messages.
We have the offer SMS that we sent and
then the pre-order collection email
right here. You can see the collection
going fast was like the only one that
wasn't like a big announcement like hey
a restock. You can see the performance
was the worst on the month at 12 grand.
Meanwhile, the restocks like this and
the pre-order and then the discount rate
here all had at least 50% more revenue.
You can see the click rate as well being
much lower. So this is why we only want
to have SMS for our big events. So that
was the email and SMS campaign strategy.
Let's get into the overall results and
lessons. Here was the total store
revenue which I showed you over time.
You can see the jump in email revenue
right here. In email marketing past 30
days, $212,000 contributing to 33% of
the total store revenue. And then SMS
$287,000 contributing to another 35 to
40% of total store revenue, resulting in
on average of 65% of this store's total
revenue coming from our emails and our
text messages with over $500,000 a month
coming in. What are our lessons? Number
one, you want to dial in your pop-up
forms to explode your list growth and
the amount of people that you can market
to. We need to be sending 12 to 18 email
campaigns per month, sending out that
volume and using non-disount angles,
using both graphic based emails, and
then also mixing in some textbased
emails. We need to send three to six SMS
campaigns per month, solely focused on
big events and no nurture, setting up
our core flows with email, making sure
we have three to six emails per flow. We
can't just make them one email. Then set
up our core SMS flows with one to three
SMS in each flow. Then of course, test,
test, test test. Our results were never
like this the whole time. It's about
optimizing and learning over time. And
so, if you want us to do this for you,
if you're 79 e-commerce brand, book a
free discovery consultation call and
we'll see if we can do this for you. The
link is going to be in the description.
And that is it for this one. I hope you
got some value seeing the actual insides
and what the stats are for a real brand
we're generating $500,000 a month for. I
hope you got some value. Make sure to
check out other videos on my channel,
like the one linked here, cuz a lot of
this information I'm giving away
shouldn't be free. Thanks for watching.
I'll see you in the next one.